# Stardew Galaxy

### Basic premise; 
* The player is introduced to a new NPC (Holden) who informs them a space ship has crash landed just outside stardew valley and tasks the player with assisting with cleaning up/repairing the wreckage. Through questing and work orders, the player will amass enough resources to repair the ship. Once the ship is repaired, the player can them add fuel to the ship and liftoff. once the player has lifted off they will be greeted with a window to choose where to go. Once the player decides on a destination, the ship will land and establish a 'base of operations' for the player which will act as an additional farm. Once the player has their 'base of operations' they can explore the new planet and its' surrounding area. The surrounding area will be the same as the vanilla assets, but recolored  to be alien-like (purple, pink, blue). The player will encounter enemies reskinned with SpaceCore - new crops - new forage - new minerals - new tool tier - new NPCs and new mysteries. 

### Introduction
* The player will be greeted by James Holden after totalling 1,000,000 gold profit. James will inform the player the boom he heard overnight was a sapceship crashing just outside the valley - James will tell the player the train station will have a new stop and he should visit whenever he can, James will be down there surveying the site. Once the player arrives, James will inform him that he can help clean up the wreckage he may be able to do something with it, as it seems not too foreign from our own technology. This will start a work order (bundle), totalling a massive amount of exotic metals that crashed in the wreckage as well as exotic metals that were scattered across stardew valley before and during the crash. Once the work order is complete James will inform the player that he has sufficient data and material to study. A week later, James will send the player a letter telling them to meet at the wreckage site. Upon arrival, the player will see a fully repaired ship. James will inform the player that he was able to repair the ship and he thinks that he can pilot it (he was a test pilot and engineer). This begins another work order (bundle) where James will instruct the player they must drill into the earth to get fuel for the ship. Once the player has enough fuel, James informs the player they are ready to embark and must rest beforehand. Once the player is ready to embark, they can meet James inside the spaceship to embark to another planet.

* Upon lifting off, the player will enter a travel cutscene similar to the ship to ginger island? They will travel to the nearest planet to 'earth' and land the ship. Upon landing, the player will be engaged by James informing them that the surface outside has foliage and oxygen similar to 'earth' and should be "safe" to explore. When the player leaves the ship they will be greeted by a foreign alien landscape (purple grass/trees, green water etc) and a surrounding area fit for a farm. James will inform the player that the surrounding foliage and landscape is perfect for cultivation! This will introduce the player into new alien crops/forage and minerals. James informs the player that he can establish a trade-link between this new world and 'earth', but will take a few days. After a few days James will inform the player that the link is complete and show him the brand new trade-link enabled shipping bin - this will allow the player to sell alien crops from the planet. Once the trade-link is established the player is then informed by James he can set up communications with Pelican Town to establish a two-way trade-link to receive goods/materials back from 'earth'. Once the trade-link is fully established the player will be informed by James that the new planet is rich in deposits of fuel so return trips will now be no problem - the player can now travel back and forth between the new planet and 'earth'.

* After traveling back to 'earth', the player is informed by James the following day via mail that he can send out surveillance drones to the new planet to scout for things like life, dungeons, towns, etc. A week later, James will inform the player that he found what appears to be a dungeon that is filled with a new exotic metal - osmium. Osmium unlocks a new tier of tool. Osmium can also be used to craft hardened weapons, as well as Osmium tools which will allow progression through the new alien planet. The alien planet surrounding areas will be unlocked, but most will be still locked behind osmium-level stones. After unlocking areas with the new osmium level tools clint was able to make for the player, the player will discover alien life in the form of alien-like cows/pigs/chickens which will then allow the player to house them on their new alien farm. 

* The alien cave will have new alien monsters which will drop new loots.